Documentation/usage.md, before:

---
title: "Usage"
weight: 20
---
# Usage
This chapter explains how to use voyager for the installation of packages

## Basics
To use voyager for a project that already contains voyager.json files just run `voyager install` in the top level directory.
This should install all the dependencies.

## voyager.json
The voyager.json is the file that is placed in the solution and projects folder and lists all the dependencies.
### Overview
```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "type": "solution",
  "build_tools": [
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/FillTemplate",
      "version": "3.*"
    },
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/cmake-toolchains",
      "version": "1",
      "output_dir": ".voyager/cmake-toolchains"
    },
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/cmake-utils",
      "version": "1",
      "output_dir": ".voyager/cmake-utils"
    }
  ],
  "libraries": [
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "API/PA.Pig",
      "version": "6.0",
      "options": ["extended-header"],
      "dependency_type": "runtime",
      "for_archs": ["MSVC.142.DBG.32"]
    }
  ],
  "projects": ["Implementation", "Qualification"],
  "generators": ["msbuild", "cmake"]
}
```
#### Root elements
|Element    |Required|Description|
|-----------|--------|-----------|
|version    |True    |The file format version, currently always 1|
|type       |True    |The type of the file: `solution` or `project`|
|build_tools|False   |List of packages to install that provide build tools.|
|libraries  |True    |List of packages to install that provide libraries, can be empty array `[]` for no packages|
|projects   |When `type:solution`|List of the subdirectories with voyager.json files where the type is `project`|
|generators |False   |At solution level: Which build systems to generate files for. Defaults to `["msbuild"]`.|

#### Libraries & build tools elements
|Element         |Required|Description|
|----------------|--------|-----------|
|repo            |True    |The Artifactory repository in which the package is located|
|library         |True    |The package to install|
|version         |True    |Version to install, may contain wildcards like `3.*`|
|options         |False   |Package specific options, more about this in the [Package format]({{< ref "package_format.md#options" >}})|
|dependency_type |False   |Dependency type for the package `compile` or `runtime`, more about this in voyager_package.json|
|for_archs       |False   |Only install this package when installing for one of the architectures in this list|
|output_dir      |False   |Override the default output directory for the package. Can be useful if the build system has to make assumptions on the path|

## Solution vs Project
The voyager.json has two types: `solution` and `project`. When a solution contains a single project a single voyager.json with the project type is enough.
A solution with multiple projects requires a voyager file for each project and a top level at the solution.

With a voyager solution, the solution file contains dependencies that are required for both projects. On top of that each project can have it's own dependencies.
```
MyProject
|->voyager.json (solution)
|->MyProject.sln
|->Implementation
   |->Implementation.vcxproj
   |->voyager.json (project)
   |->voyager.props (generated)
|->Qualification
   |->Qualification.vcxproj
   |->voyager.json (project)
   |->voyager.props (generated)
```

## Build and host architectures
To support cross-compilation, voyager distinguishes between the build
architecture and host architecture. The build architecture is that of the
system voyager and the compiler run on. The host architecture is that of the
system your build products will run on. This distinction is important when
fetching build tools such as FillTemplate from voyager - they should always be
packages for the build system.

For the configuration file, this means that the `build_tools`
dependencies are downloaded for the build architecture, while `libraries`
dependencies are downloaded for the host architecture.

The build architecture is defined by the `default_arch` field in the
[configuration file]({{< ref "config_file.md" >}}) or the environment variables
defined in that section. When not explicitly defined, the host architecture
defaults to the build architecture. The host architecture can be defined while
running `voyager install`:

```
$ voyager install --host ARM.GCC.481
$ voyager install --host-file Platforms/Windows-Platform.json
```

Windows-Platform.json:
```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "host": ["MSVC.142.DBG.32", "MSVC.141.DBG.32", "MSVC.140.DBG.32", "go.windows.amd64", "windows"]
}
```

Commit message:

Update Doc with override_arch. Update release number

Documentation/usage.md, after:

---
title: "Usage"
weight: 20
---
# Usage
This chapter explains how to use voyager for the installation of packages

## Basics
To use voyager for a project that already contains voyager.json files just run `voyager install` in the top level directory.
This should install all the dependencies.

## voyager.json
The voyager.json is the file that is placed in the solution and projects folder and lists all the dependencies.
### Overview
```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "type": "solution",
  "build_tools": [
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/FillTemplate",
      "version": "3.*"
    },
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/cmake-toolchains",
      "version": "1",
      "output_dir": ".voyager/cmake-toolchains"
    },
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "Tools/cmake-utils",
      "version": "1",
      "output_dir": ".voyager/cmake-utils"
    }
  ],
  "libraries": [
    {
      "repo": "siatd-generic-local",
      "library": "API/PA.Pig",
      "version": "6.0",
      "options": ["extended-header"],
      "dependency_type": "runtime",
      "for_archs": ["MSVC.142.DBG.32"]
    }
  ],
  "projects": ["Implementation", "Qualification"],
  "generators": ["msbuild", "cmake"]
}
```
#### Root elements
|Element    |Required|Description|
|-----------|--------|-----------|
|version    |True    |The file format version, currently always 1|
|type       |True    |The type of the file: `solution` or `project`|
|build_tools|False   |List of packages to install that provide build tools.|
|libraries  |True    |List of packages to install that provide libraries, can be empty array `[]` for no packages|
|projects   |When `type:solution`|List of the subdirectories with voyager.json files where the type is `project`|
|generators |False   |At solution level: Which build systems to generate files for. Defaults to `["msbuild"]`.|

#### Libraries & build tools elements
|Element         |Required|Description|
|----------------|--------|-----------|
|repo            |True    |The Artifactory repository in which the package is located|
|library         |True    |The package to install|
|version         |True    |Version to install, may contain wildcards like `3.*`|
|options         |False   |Package specific options, more about this in the [Package format]({{< ref "package_format.md#options" >}})|
|dependency_type |False   |Dependency type for the package `compile` or `runtime`, more about this in voyager_package.json|
|for_archs       |False   |Only install this package when installing for one of the architectures in this list|
|output_dir      |False   |Override the default output directory for the package. Can be useful if the build system has to make assumptions on the path|
|override_archs  |False   |Override the arch for a package, install the specified arch.|

## Solution vs Project
The voyager.json has two types: `solution` and `project`. When a solution contains a single project a single voyager.json with the project type is enough.
A solution with multiple projects requires a voyager file for each project and a top level at the solution.

With a voyager solution, the solution file contains dependencies that are required for both projects. On top of that each project can have it's own dependencies.
```
MyProject
|->voyager.json (solution)
|->MyProject.sln
|->Implementation
   |->Implementation.vcxproj
   |->voyager.json (project)
   |->voyager.props (generated)
|->Qualification
   |->Qualification.vcxproj
   |->voyager.json (project)
   |->voyager.props (generated)
```

## Build and host architectures
To support cross-compilation, voyager distinguishes between the build
architecture and host architecture. The build architecture is that of the
system voyager and the compiler run on. The host architecture is that of the
system your build products will run on. This distinction is important when
fetching build tools such as FillTemplate from voyager - they should always be
packages for the build system.

For the configuration file, this means that the `build_tools`
dependencies are downloaded for the build architecture, while `libraries`
dependencies are downloaded for the host architecture.

The build architecture is defined by the `default_arch` field in the
[configuration file]({{< ref "config_file.md" >}}) or the environment variables
defined in that section. When not explicitly defined, the host architecture
defaults to the build architecture. The host architecture can be defined while
running `voyager install`:

```
$ voyager install --host ARM.GCC.481
$ voyager install --host-file Platforms/Windows-Platform.json
```

Windows-Platform.json:
```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "host": ["MSVC.142.DBG.32", "MSVC.141.DBG.32", "MSVC.140.DBG.32", "go.windows.amd64", "windows"]
}
```
